# LEETCODE PROBLEMS
1. Two Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

2. Reverse Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/

3. Palindrome Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/

4. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/

5. Valid Parentheses 
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/

6. Merge Two Sorted Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/

7. Implement strStr()
https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/

8. Count and Say
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/

9. Merge Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/

10. Sqrt
https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/submissions/

11. Plus One
https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/

12. Climbing Stairs
https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/

13. Maximum Subarray
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/



14. Add Two Numbers, given in the form of linked list
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/

15. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/

16. Search in Rotated Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/

17. First Missing Positive
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-missing-positive/

18. Median of Two Sorted Arrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/

19. Longest Palindromic Subsequence
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-subsequence/

20. Longest Palindromic Substring
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/

21. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/

22. Roman to Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/

23. String to Integer (atoi)
https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/

24. Trapping Rain Water
https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/

25. Container With Most Water
https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/

26. 3Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/

27. Longest Common Prefix
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/

28. Merge k Sorted Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/

29. Set Matrix Zeroes
https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/

30. Spiral Matrix
https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/

31. Pow(x, n)
https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/

32. Minimum Window Substring
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/

33. Word Search
https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search/

34.Rotting Oranges
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotting-oranges/

35. Merge Intervals
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/

36. Jump Game
https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/

37. Divide Two Integers
https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-two-integers/

38. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/

39. Sort Colors
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/

40. Unique Paths
https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/

41. Rotate Image
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/

42. Permutations
https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/

43.Generate Parentheses
https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/

44. Letter Combinations of a Phone Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/

